Now that we have seen the goal of this application, we're going to spend a couple of videos to go over
the design of this app.
We're going to first begin by discussing the different pieces of data that we're going to have to store
in order to implement this thing.
So in total, I think we are going to have four different types of resources.
We're going to first have some table or collection, some storage of users as your guest is going to
store all the different users who sign up to our application.
And presumably along with each user, we will store their email and password.
That's pretty much it for each user will then have some collection or table of tickets, and each of
these records are going to represent one single ticket that someone is trying to buy or sell.
For every ticket.
We're going to allow it to have a title that's going to be a string, a price, which will be a number,
a user ID reference, which is going to be a reference to the user who is trying to sell the ticket.
And a reference to some order.
Let's give you a order ID.
And that order ID reference is going to be the kind of purchase attempt to actually get at this ticket.
Or then going to have a collection or table of orders.
So for each order that gets created, we're going to store the user ID of the person who is creating
this order.
The status of the order.
So whether it is cancelled, whether we are waiting for payment to come in, whether it is 100% complete
and some new person owns the ticket.
We're going to store the ticket ID.
And the time at which the order expires, because, remember, people only have 15 minutes or so or
some configurable amount of time to actually purchase a ticket.
Just to be really clear, this order represents the attempt to purchase a ticket.
So the instant that a user clicks on that purchase button right there, we're going to create this order
object.
And the order object represents the intent to purchase the ticket.
That expires, that will represent the 15 minutes.
And as soon as the person actually enters in their credit card or what have you, we will update the
order status to complete it or awaiting payment or something like that.
And then finally we're going to have a charge object.
This charge is going to represent our ability to actually charge some persons credit card and get some
money out of them.
So on the charge object, we'll have a reference to the order that user is trying to pay for the status
of the charge.
So whether it is created, failed or completed, the amount of money tied to the charge, and we'll
also have two little maintenance fields or administrative fields on here as well.
One is going to be a stripe ID.
So again, we're going to be using Stripe to handle payments.
Stripe ID is going to be a reference to some object over in the Stripe JS or the stripe world.
That is going to be us trying to actually build someone's credit card.
We're also going to have the ability to refund tickets as well.
So we're going to have something called the Stripe refund ID on here too.
At this point, I'm sure a lot of these different objects look completely foreign.
You might be saying, what is the difference between a ticket and an order?
What's the difference between an order and a charge?
Don't worry.
Over time you're going to see the purpose of each of these different objects.
Right now, I just want to get these pieces of terminology out there and get you thinking about them.
So that's a little design talk.
Number one, we're going to go through another couple of videos just like these to give you some big
overall picture, give you an idea of how we're going to put this thing together.
So quick pause.
Next one in just a moment.